hard blow to Barbara Rey her
brother dies just the day her son is going to
betray her on television there are people
who suspect that Barbara Rey would be
planning this with her son to
solve the problem she has with the
Treasury in addition we have also been able to
hear the first statements
of both the Bed and her daughter
reacting to this topic Isabel González
from the Federico Jiménez los
Santos program has exclusively shown the
documents that would demonstrate that the
singer would have deposited the money
for his children and would give a strong
warning to their mother José Pablo
López could be the next
content director of media set and with it
Rocío Carrasco returns to tele5 Marta
riesco has made some statements about
the possible reconciliation between Olga
Moreno and Antonio David Flores Ana Rosa
Quintana leader of the week controversy in
Disney for using
Artificial Intelligence to make a poster Miguel
early gives himself free rein and
strongly insults Jorge Javier Vázquez
journalist Mariluz from Europa press
tells exclusively on
Enrique's Channel about Omar Montes' anger for not
having taken a  grami Aitana is preparing
new projects and yesterday another
tribute to María Teresa Campos took place where
Rocío Carrasco Gustavo
Guillermo appeared and many other familiar faces
all this and much more here on la
piruleta on telesalseo on your
favorite gossip channel What's up my gentlemen
state I hope you had a
spectacular day It's already the weekend we
are here back with you one
more day to bring you all the news
from the heart of television and
social chronicle I am Javi Oliveira welcome one
more day to my channel you already know that this
channel is telesalseo and this program in
particular is la piruleta here you will
find out about everything I recommend that you
watch the live show that we had last night on
this channel on telesalseo And it was an
incredible program we had a
face to face debate between Triun Art against Axel that you
had asked me for a lot and Well the
truth is that it was a
spectacular program both exchanged
positions one defending Daniel Sancho
and the other condemning him and it's not to be
missed
really it's not to be missed
watch it I won't go on much more than as
always the video of  today comes well
loaded It comes well loaded with gossip you
know that I am all day uploading
news So if you are interested and you
like this type of content follow me
subscribe and give me a good
like let's go to
l Salvador Barbara Rey's brother He
passed away in the last hours and it has been
a hard blow for Barbara Rey who
precisely Today is waiting for the
premiere of the tele5 program Friday in which
her son is going to betray her and has
told all kinds of intimacies
against her by the way many people on
networks are denouncing that they think that
all this is a strategy in which
Barbara Rey is part since as it was
announced A few months ago they would be going
through some problems due to the
Treasury issue according to what was reported in the
media they were asking for 3 years in
prison for Barbara Rey for non-payment
Well not for non-payment but for an
alleged embezzlement of assets Uh not having
paid some income tax returns
money that acenda owed her and
having put properties in her
children's name to evade paying  to pretend that she does
n't have money or that she doesn't have
properties Barbara Rey came out at the
time to deny these facts and also
stated something that we were seeing
here on the news basically that not
only had she paid everything but that she
paid it in excess I sincerely don't
know what it's like to pay in excess I mean no I don't
understand it the Treasury gives me a
fine and I pay the fine I'm not going to
pay the fine and a tip but well
that was what the prosecutor's office said pointing out
that there are 13 financial operations of
more than
140,000 in which Barbara Rey
allegedly would have tried to avoid
paying Barbara Rey not only denied
the facts but she also denied
that she was even being charged
on her part both Barbara Rey and her
daughter Sofia have not wanted to give
statements when they have met
with the press and basically Well, for her
part Sofia reaffirms in saying
that her mother for her is God and that she is
the best mother in the world she is your mother
always my mother for me she is the best
mother in the world and for me my mother is
God  oh you said no but the thing is that I
have always said it, I think it is very
clear and those who know us the truth is
that we cannot deny that whatever
the situation at home
Barbara Rey has been the one who has raised
her children and there it is, it can be
proven, it is something that is like that and Sofia
is very close to her mother and she goes out of her way
for her mother wherever necessary yes it
is true that they do not even comment they say
that maybe he does it for
economic needs right now I
have no idea and everyone should do what they
need to do in their life and with their
conscience and you did not realize You
were nothing all
day that I am not going to talk, I am not going to talk
honey, you do not justify him in any
way even if it is because of needing something like that
but I'm leaving you for no one, I'm going to have dinner because I am
very hungry, thank you because you
have said something and at least you are taking a stand I
tell you, he does not want to speak against
his brother, he does not understand anything about what is
happening he insinuates that well, well,
each one with their conscience but
well, he does not want to talk, I do not want to talk, I
will never speak badly of my brother,  I
don't agree with anything he's
done. It seems very unfair and
wrong to me. Well, you're already saying it and you're already saying it.
Then you're already saying it. It seems like a
man, of course, because he's talked about
nightmares regarding your mother. I haven't
experienced that. So I've lived in the
same house, but I'm not going to talk about it.
I've never, ever been. He's
his mother's son and I will never, ever speak ill of my
brother. Barbara Rey, for her part, has
said even less because Barbara Rey
has remained silent while
the paparazzi chased her with the microphone. She
hasn't said absolutely anything. Only that it's
good that she loves her son
very much. That her son. It's good that she gave
birth to him. She hasn't lacked any dec and that she does
n't want to say absolutely anything. Well, did you
know about the interview? Did you know anything
about Angel's interview? Had you spoken
with him? Were you surprised, as you said, that
he was not a media person who didn't
want to be in the media? He's saying
very explicit things. Yes, about lying, something
about what he said.
Sofia says that she will always be by
your side. I thank you very much, but I'm not
going to say absolutely anything.  I say this
so you don't waste time but it
surprised you at least I didn't know
anything it was that you spent a lot of
money in the casino that the money
came from let's say the
payments that the royal house gave let's say the
king was undercover for the santaj that he had
taken many photos of the king in your
house there are responsibilities that he says
that your daughter at 13 years old eh She didn't
know anything about what was happening in the
house because she was drugged all day long,
very strong No yes it's true
a new war is going to open a gap between
you or was it already open I'm
sorry eh I really know that
this issue is affecting you don't we see you a little
sad barar well Let's hope that
everything is resolved that you can talk to him
no thank you very much eh sorry Thank you eh
thank you I want to know your opinion
on this subject because
Barbara's face is really a poem I don't know if
this can really be faked or
not we are talking about a woman who has
been an actress But well here you can see a
real upset I love my son
very much and I will never talk about him I
mean  Thank you very much but why is he
making those statements now Angel bbar do
you know it or not I've already told you that I
love my son and that I'm never going to talk
about him Thank you come on I'm so sorry you're all
here waiting and no not to
say anything else but what I feel
and what I think they're saying that it's because
of a vendetta for something that he
asked you for that you haven't given to him is there any
truth in that Barbara I've already told you
that I'm going to talk thank you
really I understand but I'm not going to talk he
gave him some advice that
no against
her telling things these are
difficult times no
that both on Federico's program and
on digital freedom they have had
exclusive access to the court documents that
would confirm that Luis Miguel would have
tried to take care of his
children the documents that prove that
Luis Miguel is telling the truth the
documents from the Mexican court
show that Luis Miguel has paid
the money to his children
the singer would have deposited quite
high amounts By the way it's more than 700,000
euros per child in accounts that he would make
available to his two minor children
of his two young children it's the
Federico's morning and Libertad Digital have had
access to documents that confirm what
Luis Miguel's close circle has
been saying for weeks, that he is
telling the truth in everything that concerns
the payments for the support of his
children, these are documents consigned
by his lawyers to the 24th
Family Court of Mexico City and
authorized for publication that
show that the artist had been
trying for months to pay the money he was claiming
from Rafael and Arámbula and although they were
issued on July 21st, according to what
Federico has been able to find out,
he had been trying for several months to
transfer the economic amount
through his legal team in the
five-page text he clarifies that Luis
Alejandro Alfaro Yanet of the prestigious
Mexican firm García González IB
Barradas is the person chosen by Luis
Miguel to appear in all types of
legal proceedings in Mexico as his
general attorney for lawsuits and
collections, that is to say that the singer does not have to
do it, the mother because for whatever reason she
has made this
contact impossible and at the moment she has not resorted
to this but Luis Miguel has done what he had to
make their legal representative
because he is in charge of this and of ensuring that
this money reaches the children the
document also confirms that there was
a bank account in the United
States in which the Mexican artist
deposited the corresponding money the
problem is that it was deactivated the
sun's attempts to contact the
mother of his young children through
different means and through different
people have been repeated but
unsuccessful but the payments have been made
his legal team provides as proof the
receipt of payment of the
corresponding invoices at the rate of 71,000
Americans per child a document
signed by the welfare bank
dated September 21 of this year
For this reason they ask that
arc and aranbula be notified that the two minors
Miguel and Daniel have the money in the
bank and for the moment little more
simply remember and emphasize that it
seems great to me it does not seem to me that
this conflict was also had by David
Bisbal Luis Miguel gives a notice to the
mother of his children that please well
please do not prohibit her from
exposing the children on
social networks Instagram tiktok and all those
little things I imagine that when  Luis
Miguel will be putting up this notice because he
must have seen something, I don't follow that woman, I
don't know what she's doing but hey it's a
notice, not like saying be careful, be
careful, don't gain followers on social
media or be careful, don't
sell the image of my children, avoid
exposing minors on social media but the
notice to the lady does not stop there, they also
request in order to safeguard the
healthy emotional development of the two
minors that she be perceived with a measure of
Prize that she refrain from performing acts
and exposing said minors as well as
divulging the particular circumstances
of her family environment in any
social media or
social networks such as Facebook Instagram
tiktok or Twitter of the kids not of
her who just a few hours ago
threatened with an interview during a
live on Instagram by the youtuber Jorge
burro r they finish the letter to
Luis Miguel's lawyers with an ironic phrase that
undoubtedly responds to the media harassment campaign
undertaken by Arámbula since he
began his successful American tour and
especially since his
love affair with Paloma Cuevas became known
Remember that he makes all these requests
with the  so that my client
can attend to what corresponds, that is to
say, sing and focus on his
musical career, the journalist Roco Stin Hauser
has released this statement this morning, you
know that this journalist is usually
quite informed and has given many
exclusives about television, very few are
those that he has not got right. The truth is that
every time we have commented here on some
news, some advance that he has given,
things usually come true, as they are
movements in the
management charts of the different
television operators, José
Pablo López, current director of
general contents of Spanish radio and television, is mentioned strongly,
as a possible new director of
content for Mediaset to replace
Manuel Villanueva, this gentleman José Pablo
López, as T says, is one of the
main people in charge of
content on Spanish television and
of taking people where I am going with
this, this gentleman has a very good
relationship with the television factory and at the
time he was the one who made it possible for
Rocío Carrasco to attend, for example,
Julia Otero's program, it is not to be
ruled out that if this gentleman, who has
such a good relationship with the
television factory, is now going to work at Tele5, no more and no
less than director of contents,
the  vetoes and things go back to how they were
before again we'll see not
when they're calling him if it's
true it will be for something Marta Riesco
spoke again in a photocall about the
supposed Reconciliation whether it be friendly
sentimental or whatever you want
between Antonio David Flores and Olga Moreno
lately things have calmed down the
truth is that I don't understand why they
asked her this in a photocall But well
she hasn't had a problem answering you
know that Marta is usually very
talkative and doesn't usually mince her words
and doesn't mind mentioning each and every
one of the topics that are asked her
the thing is that she is happy for
the people they have in common and
the truth is the best thing is to get along but
yes it is true that she puts on a face
that makes us understand that she would not be
surprised by a Reconciliation even a
sentimental one I want to ask you two
more things I won't take up any more of your time there is
talk of a possible Reconciliation
between Olga Moreno and Toronto Deid Flores I don't
know if it moves something inside you I have already stepped on
and it is so that they are  super
happy focused on my trial that is coming
and I have enough with my thing as to be doing
other things, me being
super happy, him, her and everyone
surprises you that they had, have reestablished
contact, that they got back together
because there is also talk of a crisis
between Olga and Agustín but they are
together
eh I know there are so many things that have
surprised me that she is, well no
Look I am happy for the, I mean for the
daughter that they have in common, the truth is
because I think it is super cool that
the parents get along well Marta continues to
affirm that she sacrificed a lot with this
relationship and that basically what she is
looking forward to is leaving the past behind,
never remembering this story that
is already part of her past in her life and that she would
love to be able to reset and
return to her job, which is what she is
passionate about, and never remember this story
again and that's it, it is an issue that I
want to erase from my life because I have
suffered quite a bit already with this
issue. I just want it to go by quickly and
not leave a trace. If they came back, you would be
surprised by what they have lived through and what they have known,
the truth is that it would not surprise me.  I would be
surprised by the question I wouldn't be
surprised I wouldn't care but I wouldn't be
surprised if they are happy Hey, how
well you know deleted deleted past gone
As Shakira said why are we going to
remember the past Now we only have to
think about the future So I think that's it I mean it's already been it's already happened I gave it my
all as everyone knows it
cost me a very high price I
paid a very high price I continue to
pay and I only hope to get my
job back and start from scratch that's said Thank you
Marta media has published this
tweet bragging about
this week's audience data on Ana Rosa's show
and it seems that things are
improving absolute leader in its time
slot 11.2 sh leader against its
competition best historical data in
viewers almost a million
viewers its week of Record average
of almost 1 million viewers and almost
7 million contacts it is improving no
family Disney has been heavily criticized for
this poster that you are seeing here this
poster is made with
Artificial Intelligence and of course well This is
a poster that they have made to celebrate
Easter not
Thanksgiving  Grace basically
last year they put up this image and the new one
is this one which well, it's made
with artificial intelligence
apparently we're talking about the biggest eh
Magnate the biggest studio the biggest
in art, in illustration, in animation
come on if you're going to tell me that Disney is going to
resort to artificial intelligence
to create everything is getting out of
hand I don't know what you all think about
this the truth is that well the poster
is nice the only thing I have to
wonder is why Pluto is eating at
the table papari Miguel early on more
than one occasion he has let loose on
Twitter he has let off steam he doesn't
mince his words and he hasn't held
back when he has had to point out
someone from tele5 from sálvame or he has
had to make a more than
harsh criticism of someone from television on this
occasion he has lashed out at Jorge
Javier and the truth is I don't know if
this would be so much a harsh criticism Or
directly an insult because the
nicest thing he has said to him has been bad
person at least frustrated drunk And a
series of other things that you are going to hear
below  I don't know if
something happened between them at some point.
I remember they saw each other recently at an
airport because Miguel was doing
his job and Bueno made a recording
and asked Jorge some questions as he should
but this Twitter thread in which I
already told you he has spoken very
freely has not left anyone indifferent
I am overwhelmed to read and see the
miserable life that this millionaire gentleman has lived
with a
privileged and influential social position it is not normal
the amount of problems he drags along and
that apparently have turned him into one
of the executioners of
21st century television abroilo It's been a long time since I went
to a beach in Spain I'm ashamed of being
recognized sunbathing and not
having an escape because of your body and your
face for being in fard poyas
sunbathing or because of what a bad person he has been
as long as no one can resist you having no
escape you have never liked the people
of the town the public Llano the
old ladies or their husbands you have not stood
even a kiss or a hug from your
admirers you fled on tele5 and on Antena 3
as if  leper it was a classist thing it's not
enough now that I'm not on TV and I do
n't have any projects in sight I live in a
more relaxed way the issue of the
physical precisely when you have
abandoned the wreckage body that
you have been so ashamed of liposuctions
mesotherapy various surgeries what have they
served to continue whining What a
shame that for many thousands of euros
that you have spent on rebuilding yourself you
still sleep less than the Pope's chauffeur
and of course you have taken out that frustration
with men women and animals you still
need the most important operation I was
bothered by the idea of ​​coming back from
vacation a few pounds overweight and being
called fat fighting against
the guilt complexes that
accompanied me if I decided to have dessert of
desserts that I remember at
Rosa Quintana's house you liked them and you ate them
yes by the sideburns it must be
wonderful to be handsome inside or
out choose which of the two you are lacking I'm
sorry but you know you your family your
secretary your assistant your editor your
physio your dentist your endocrinologist your
plastic surgeon your Vet and your
esca  chupipandi the Argentine therapist
Nilda quer villo attention assures that
happy people do not fall in love curious eh Neither
with therapy nor with psychoanalysis will you
find what you are looking for you do not seek
happiness envy and hatred
paralyze you and tie you to yourself your own
prison every year that passes you acquire
a greater degree of invisibility it is the law of
life it happens to us guys and girls them
them or they let's see you soul of a
jug you When did you really stop being
invisible that you have them
square neither in Brazil nor drunk
paying in the era of Instagram it makes no difference
posing in front of an imposing Christ
Brazil or the Golden Gate The important thing
is to come out favored with two balls you will
say between the style the vigorexia and
the genetic punishment in erado I think you have not
achieved it for now I really am
not saying all this to try to
bother you simply my therapist
has told me to get out from inside what my
body asks for and that way the mind
will return to its natural state which is none
other than to be very comfortable saying
what I think without fear and without  resentment let's
see the truth is that we can't deny
how comfortable Miguel felt
early I don't know what you all think
surely many of you who are
watching this video are going to say that
you completely agree but I do
n't know if I would dare to go so far using
those words Eh he hasn't held back
the truth I want the same therapist
my friend Enrique García had a
chat with a journalist from Europa
Press named Mari Lu and she said
many interesting things on this
occasion I'm going to share with you the
extract in which she talks about how Omar
Montes would have been very angry for
not having won a grammy And it
turns out that they have even talked
about autotune there apparently Omar Montes has
received many accusations on many
occasions and well This is what he
said This is Isa's friend and that's why I
asked you eh you know Do you know anything else
about Omar Monte something has happened he is very
angry not about Omar Monte was very
angry he has expressed it eh
publicly No Because they accused him of
playback and all this no yes per playback there is no
one No how that playback no  he
does the grammy No, yeah, yeah, for that reason, but
eh, his anger, his anger, his
main anger is caused by another
reason, another reason, man, he left the
gala, yes, he knew, he left, he left the gala
as soon as they gave the Grammy, the flamenco to
the girl Pastori, he got up and left, okay.
And I don't know, he just went off ranting
because witnesses who were there
told me and I, uh, well, they're my colleagues
and you understand that, for me, they have
credibility. I mean, he hadn't taken it
well at all not having won the gram
that he was there. Yes, but boy, listen, girl
Pastori, José Merced Israel, let's go to Vero
much, it wasn't very difficult, I don't understand
much flamenco, but things were
complicated. And to be nominated with those
pieces of flamenco, that has to
be an honor for you and what you can't
be is humble either. But you know
what happened to him, Mar Monte,
I love his music. But who are these
little things, Jar Monte? But you know what
happened to him? He isolated himself very finely and
said: Look at these people, with everything, with
all my respect, he must have thought, these
people, really, here at the Latin  Grammys are
usually awarded to the urban genre
it's the most well-known and of course he's
closer to the urban genre, he makes songs
with with with reggaeton, he says, well, this
is for me, I mean, he already had it as if he
assumed it was for him, he says, and apart
from everything, it's not to say, I know that Israel,
that José Merced, that all these people who
are Crown, some artists, but the one who
is filling the stadium is him, the one who is
filling it, the one who is going to is him,
everything would indicate that Omar Montes would not have
taken it well at all not winning, yes,
what this journalist says is true, and it
is that, well, I think we all saw it in
his Instagram story and the people
who accompanied him who left the
gala without having finished, the
Grammys gala, if I'm not mistaken, the
Grammys gala ended at around 1:3, 1:40
at night and Omar had left like an
hour and a half before, okay, he left
quite a while before, Aitana is in
Mexico, precisely today she is performing at the
National Auditorium, eh, the truth is that she
is a wreck, she is a wreck, she is
this  girl exploding and has gotten
several interviews in the country Aitana
talks about what she's already managing and
is preparing her next project Without
giving too many clues it will be related to
pop but she doesn't advance absolutely
anything because she wants to surprise or
where you're going or where you think you're going or
well I don't want to say too much because I want it to
come later but well I'm going to
do a little you'll see her work
with Alfa would already be finished once she
finishes the tours and so on and I would already be
thinking about the next thing I'm not going to
continue because I'm not going to continue with Alfa
because Alfa already as I say I've already done the
same as happened to me with 11 reasons why I didn't continue
with 11 reasons why because I had already done it
then comes pop obviously
but another type of genre or rather like
another branch within pop that I think
people are going to like a lot
Itana was also commenting on the
subject of artificial intelligence and
the things they're doing a few
minutes ago she was talking about Disney and everything
that's happened with Bad buani which is good
in case there's anyone who hasn't found out
a kid a kid using an
Artificial Intelligence created a song
with the voice of  bad buny okay And also the
song was really good it was a success there were a
lot of people who liked the
song made with
Artificial Intelligence more than some of the songs
by bad bu but personally let's see I don't know
where we're going to get to I don't know where
we're going to get to also I tell you but
man I don't think it's the same to recreate
or make a song with
Artificial Intelligence by Bad Bunny than to do it with
Aitana with Aitana I see it as more complicated
and in the end the person has to be
interpreting it I mean it's not the same you
say it I mean it's not the same but
in the end you don't stop losing like your
essence saying this esana when they
listen to you or well we listen to you I think that
the timbre of voice also has a lot to do with the
way of singing I think in the end that the
timbre eh of the artists is like the
most important things that haira
well This is Aitana or This is whoever no that's
also why there is this fear
of Artificial Intelligence that what
has happened with Batani that seems very
strong to me precisely for that reason because
sometimes it's not the songs how good or
not that they are yes obviously It's very
important that the song is good
for it to work no  but also what
makes a song really good is the
personality And the timbre of that
artist Not that, that way that
the voice has been worked on for a while,
not in his case, well, I don't know So I
think that sometimes it doesn't matter what genre
you go for, you're always going to have your
stamp on the voice that you have. Yesterday
another reunion took place, a tribute very
similar to one of the last live shows we
had with Marina Ennal. Do you remember
that we were visiting a mass for
María Teresa Campo in which
Rafael Lara di Bildo attended? Well, the same
people have come again to a tribute,
a kind of tribute mass for her
career. Roso Carrasco has made his
appearance after what was going on
this past week with the Kiko
Hernández issue, the Melilla advert and so on.
And well, this tribute two months
after the death of María
Teresa Campo. It seems that it has been given
to be recorded and broadcast. I don't know if it will
be part of that documentary tribute
that they are preparing for
Spanish television, but I think probably.
Yes, and well, family, here we are
leaving today's video. I hope that  I
liked it, I already told you that it came
loaded, loaded with news, let me
know in the comments box what you
think about all the topics that we have
covered, you know that if you want to
collaborate with the channel because you like
this channel and because you want us to continue
growing and you want us to continue Here it is
very important and it would be very good if you
became members you have the
subscribe button and next to it you have the
join button, a little coffee a month, a little coffee a
month, what it's worth or you can also give
super thanks which are like the Super
chats when we are live but
here I also leave you the
visa number in case you want to give a gift
by collaborating with the channel or whatever,
I send you a huge kiss and until the
next video bye bye
[Music]
family